
Can't code at all ! still getting multiple synatx errors even when copying exactly from the exercises.
Github seems very difficult to use.
githaub has not saves a few of my posts lately?

    18 August . i liked today's class but found the concepts quite new and a bit challenging.
    Tried to understand the concept of the video recording 'game', also , that concept was out of my grasp?
    Yes , my image
    is definitely more important than my phone. I always want my public image to be nice.
    Images recorded on a phone can be largely controlled to make sure the image is what the image owner wants other people to see versus
    what they would rather people not see. 

        August 22 - I liked todays lecture. I do understand the concept behind using abstract ways to make programing more  - kind of easier to do. However, I really was
        overwhelmed trying to learn SQL and the HTML with CSS, during the data handling and web concepts course. And now trying to pick up Python - well it has proved
        to be very difficult - so all this leads me to be quite apprehensive about whether I can actually complete the two assignments.
        
            25 August - Thank yoou Roman for today's class. It is the first class I think in all my time at Whitecliffe, that I have really enjoyed.
            The exercise took my mind off things, which helped me to focus and contribute to the team effort of building the tower. I was quite lucky though, because
            the other poeple in my group were also nice to interact with and freindly. I have struck it before in another class, when a student will just dominate to
            the detriment of other students in a group. 
            
            As for reflections; Well I do get stressed about things which impacts my study and frankly sometimes lack there of. However, other students have similar 
            worries particularly around finacial worries - so i guess i am no different to other people ? But yes - the stress does effect the learning side and add to 
            that not enjoying the study (that I thought I would like). That all results in a slide of confidence regarding the study because it is all unknown and seemingly
            at times, unlearnable.
